Product Update - Changelog Entry Page (#246)
bump-sh/docs: src/_product-updates/2024-06-10-changelog-entry-page.md

---
title: Changelog entry page
tags: [New]
image: /images/changelog/changelog-entry-page.png
---

![changelog-entry-page.png](/images/changelog/changelog-entry-page.png)

We have recently improved the changelog to make it easier to share updates to your API documentation.

> In addition to the continuous deployment flow of the changelog, you can now click on each entry to generate an individual page for a specific deployment. This option allows you to easily share a link directly pointing to the changes you don't want your API consumers, whether they are members of your organization or partners, to miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the continuous deployment flow of the changelog, you can now click on each entry to view an individual page for a specific change. This option allows you to easily share a link directly pointing to the changes you don't want your API consumers to miss, whether they are members of your organization or partners.
```

Reviewer: we don't generate a specific page on click, the click only **shows** the new page.

Also I found the construction of the last sentence a bit hard to read to I think it's easier with the suggestion made above.

WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I fully agree, it's indeed already "generated". Thanks for the other change, that makes the text way more understandable.

Thanks Paulr!
